Add live reload (#17)
nimblehq/gin-templates: {{cookiecutter.app_name}}/README.md

### Development

#### Build dependencies

> This project using [`air`](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air) for live reloading. It need to be built as a binary file in `$GOPATH`.

Reviewer: Please recheck the English syntax:

```suggestion
This project is used [`air`](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air) for live reloading. It needs to be built as a binary file in `$GOPATH`.
```

But I recommend this phrasing:

```suggestion
[`air`](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air) is used for live reloading. It needs to be built as a binary file in `$GOPATH`.
```

Author: Updated README in e8fbe849abed486a3a96b1ae6dd1f5c98959a54c

```sh
make build-dependencies
```

#### Start development server

```sh
make dev
```

> To visit app locally: `localhost:8080`

Reviewer: Recheck the English again:

```suggestion
The application runs locally at http://localhost:8080
```

Author: Updated README in e8fbe849abed486a3a96b1ae6dd1f5c98959a54c
